# CS-250-Software-Development-Lifecycle

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
I interpret user needs through asking questions. While there are many ways of collecting user requirements, a great way to do it is through asking users in person. Once specific needs have been identified, they can then be organized into various user stories. These stories create a whole system once complete. The goal of each story is to complete a requirement. For instance, in SNHU Travel users wanted to have a list of the top 5 popular destinations. There was then a user story created which would implement a top 5 popular destinations list once completed.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
To develop a program, requirements must be collected from the client as well as their users (or your users if making a system for your own company). Once these requirements have been collected they can be organized into user stories making up a Product Backlog. Developers can take these stories and make working code from them, and the testers can test their fucntionality based on the requirements set by the story. The Product Owner can take this work to the client and receive feedback on the current work. Any changes that need to be made to stories can be made, developers can change their work to match the updated stories, and testers can retest the work. This is agile because the client works closely with the devlopment team throughout the process. Not too much time is spent on documentation, allowing plenty of time for changes to be made if neccessary. The team is flexible, willing to make changes that will create a product most close to the clients request. I hope to incorporate all these things into my future development work. 

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
A good team member cares about their work and owns it. They do not do anything half heartedly, especially if it will cause problems and more work down the line. They do the best work they can while keeping their own needs in mind such as breaks and practical working hours. They do not allow other team members to bear the brunt of the work but rather share the work equally. They are cross functional, taking user stories based on priority rather than "how easy it is" or "what is their specialty". They make informed decisions that will benefit the team and the project, and help to accuratley point stories. These traits help create efficient teams that create quality work, and are cross functional and independent. 
